For part 1 of the project, utilize project1_week3_sim.slx
We have 384 plots for omega, 192 plots for cpu time, and we have the expression for error calculated in the matlab. However, we could not finish plotting it.
For part 2 of the project, use project1_final.slx
We did not understand what tau_L was when using option 1. So, we hardcoded a random number as an input to out stiffness block in simulink

## Final Week Feedback
There are a few things that were done incorrectly that I would like to address first. The Project 1 Final simulink model has many errors to address so I will list them here: 
1) The option 1 model was meant to have some sort of function that calculates the torque of the spring from the inputs of some stiffness (k), the angular position of shaft 1 (theta1), and the angular position of shaft 2 (theta2). The equation in the MATLAB function for the spring is correct, however theta 2 is not a constant value, it is the angular position of shaft 2 so once "W" is calculated from the end of System 2, it should be integrated again and sent to the spring function.
2) The torque from the spring should be used in the EOM of system 1. I noticed there is an input of "tau2" which comes from the spring equation, but it is not used in the EOM of System 1.
3) While the value of the damping coefficient isn't different for each of the systems, there should still be some parameterization for each of the coefficients of each system (B1 & B2). I noticed that the damping coefficient constant block of system 1 is passed to both systems.
4) The rotational inertia for system 2 is meant to be parameterized, meaning that having the constant block should hold some "J2" variable that can be set from the MATLAB script. Another issue that I would like to address would be the number of plots created. I understand that it is easier to implement the plotting into the nest of for loops however this is not the best way to plot simulation results. Instead, I would suggest creating either different arrays to help organize the information around or even creating a new script could be possible, Then after organizing all the simulation information that is needed for plotting into different categorizes, you can create another script that finally plots everything you need (max error vs time step, etc.). Another thing I'd like to add is that proper titles, and axis titles are needed for future plots
- I also noticed that in the plots for Part 2, the team forgot to include the ode45 solver into the script. The team also only completed option 1 of Part 2 when all options needed to be completed. 
